Mom, let me carry that.
I got it, Irene.
You know, I'm not that old.
You know, I really like that doctor.
What was he, 15?
You know, he's not going to be practicing on me.
I'm going to keep packing yourself, okay?
Okay, dear.
Irene, don't forget my therapy appointment
on Wednesday morning.
I can't on Wednesday.
Let me ask Elena.
I just need you to finish filling out the second page here
and then sign in, date at the bottom,
and then we'll be good to go.
Okay, thank you.
What do you need, Irene?
Hello, do you, too?
Mom needs you to take her to an appointment on Wednesday.
No, I can't.
Can you just keep your preaching thing or whatever?
I have to work at a real job.
I've had my hands full.
I just need a little more help.
Irene, I'll see what I can do.
But no promises.
Well, I can tell Elena's not going to be much help,
but I'll figure it out.
You know, your sister had a tough year.
You should study with her.
You know, we have tried so many times.
She doesn't want to study.
I think you're just too hard on her, Irene.
Shifts, so I could take mom on Wednesday.
You owe me a little misrighteous.
Maybe she would study.
What, Elena?
There's nothing I can do.
Wouldn't she close growing up?
Grandma thinks you can reach her heart.
Yeah, well, grandma also thinks she can live on her own.
Okay.
I know you tried, but...
Just don't stop trying, okay?
Okay.
Did you notice how forgetful grandma was getting?
Yeah.
With all humility and mildness,
with patience,
putting up with one another in love.
Thank you for the best.
What did I do wrong now?
Nothing.
I just wanted to say thank you.
And?
And how are you doing?
I really miss talking to my little sister.
No judgment?
No judgment.
I don't know if you know this.
But I went to see mom the other day.
She was taking out pictures of us and working.
So this is your room here on the right.
This is nice.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
What you get settled in, okay?
Lovey grandma.
So, do you want anything else?
Irene, you know this is not what I wanted.
Mom, where's all my kitchen stuff?
We organized and changed out some things.
We?
The girls and I did.
You know, it's not your thing, Irene.
We decided my stuff is better.
You'll see.
Hey babe.
Are you okay?
Max, how many times have I asked you to take your shoes off at the door?
Sorry, I keep forgetting.
I was just making sure you were okay.
Just clean.
And it's like you don't even care about how hard I work.
Can you pass me the salt, please?
Sure.
Thank you.
These need more than salt.
Irene, why didn't you make these homemade?
They are.
I think they're great.
Thanks.
I'm sorry about earlier.
Yeah, me too.
These past few months, I didn't expect them to be so hard.
And I'm really sorry about what this is doing to us.
We're in this together.
You know, Jehovah sees everything you're doing for your mother.
And he's so proud of you.
Hey, thanks for getting me.
Yeah, anytime.
How was work?
It's going well.
It's been so long.
Hey, do you know what?
Hey.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, man, I'm so glad I caught you.
So, I wanted to get your phone number just in case any work stuff comes up after hours.
You know?
Is that okay?
Yeah, okay.
It's 646-480-6649.
Okay, I got it.
If anything comes up, I'll be sure to give you a shout, all right?
Okay, cool.
See you more.
All right, see you all.
Hey, actually.
I just, I was about to grab something to eat and I wanted to see if you wanted to come with me.
No, thanks.
We've really got you going.
Next time for sure then.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Yeah.
What was that all about?
It's nothing.
I hope not.
Trust me.
It's nothing.
I can guess who that is.
Who's that?
Just a doctor from work.
Wow, he's persistent.
He's persistent?
Wait, is he interested in you?
I guess.
When were you going to tell me about this?
There's nothing to tell.
You told them no, right?
I haven't.
I don't.
Wait, you haven't told him no?
No.
Not yet.
I've taught you better than that.
You know you have to be firm from the start.
It's not that simple.
It is that simple.
And you need to do it now.
I'm sorry.
I overreacted.
I want you to know I do trust you.
I've never had a reason not to.
I know.
But I'm not a teenager anymore.
You're not, but I'm always going to be your dad.
And dad's worried about their kids.
It's just part of the job.
I really need this job to pioneer.
What if he doesn't take it well?
That could happen.
But then you'll get to see what Jehovah will do.
I'll talk with him tomorrow.
Is there anything I can do to help?
Maybe say a prayer for me.
I'd love to.
Do you want some fresh air?
There you go.
I'm getting hot.
I got it.
Mom, okay.
Mom.
It's not time to take your pills.
Mom, it's not time.
I want to take my pills.
It's not time.
Mom, stop.
I really want to take my pills.
Take you back.
How long it takes me to do this?
I'm not taking those dirty pills.
Mom, why do you have to make everything so hard?
I'm sorry.
Maybe it won't be so difficult for you when I'm gone.
I know this is hard for you.
It's hard for the both of us.
I don't know how to make it any better.
I know.
But I love you.
And I want to do this for you.
I love you too, Irene.
Psalm 71.14 says,
But as for me, I will continue to wait.
When we're patient, good things happen.
We preach.
We help each other do what's right.
We take care of the people we love.
And we give Jehovah time to bless our patients.
Thank you.
I just got back from service.
Hey, Wana.
Hey.
What's going on?
Well, I got this in the mail.
Do you have time to talk?
Sure.